1338682686
AddDeviseToUsers	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/db/migrate/20120601183902_add_devise_to_users.rb	class AddDeviseToUsers 
AddTagToTask	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/db/migrate/20120531215945_add_tag_to_task.rb	class AddTagToTask 
Application	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateTags	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/db/migrate/20120531215859_create_tags.rb	class CreateTags 
CreateTasks	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/db/migrate/20120531215246_create_tasks.rb	class CreateTasks 
CreateUsers	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/db/migrate/20120531212731_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
GitErDun	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/config/application.rb	module GitErDun
Tag	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/models/tag.rb	class Tag 
TagTest	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/test/unit/tag_test.rb	class TagTest 
TagsController	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/tags_controller.rb	class TagsController 
TagsControllerTest	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/test/functional/tags_controller_test.rb	class TagsControllerTest 
TagsHelper	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/helpers/tags_helper.rb	module TagsHelper
TagsHelperTest	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/test/unit/helpers/tags_helper_test.rb	class TagsHelperTest 
Task	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/models/task.rb	class Task 
TaskTest	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/test/unit/task_test.rb	class TaskTest 
TasksController	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	class TasksController 
TasksControllerTest	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/test/functional/tasks_controller_test.rb	class TasksControllerTest 
TasksHelper	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/helpers/tasks_helper.rb	module TasksHelper
TasksHelperTest	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/test/unit/helpers/tasks_helper_test.rb	class TasksHelperTest 
TestCase	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UsersController	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersControllerTest	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	class UsersControllerTest 
UsersHelper	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
UsersHelperTest	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/test/unit/helpers/users_helper_test.rb	class UsersHelperTest 
WelcomeController	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/welcome_controller.rb	class WelcomeController 
WelcomeControllerTest	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/test/functional/welcome_controller_test.rb	class WelcomeControllerTest 
WelcomeHelper	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/helpers/welcome_helper.rb	module WelcomeHelper
WelcomeHelperTest	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/test/unit/helpers/welcome_helper_test.rb	class WelcomeHelperTest 
change	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/db/migrate/20120531215945_add_tag_to_task.rb	  def change
change	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/db/migrate/20120531215859_create_tags.rb	  def change
change	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/db/migrate/20120531215246_create_tasks.rb	  def change
change	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/db/migrate/20120531212731_create_users.rb	  def change
create	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/tags_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/tags_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/db/migrate/20120601183902_add_devise_to_users.rb	  def self.down
edit	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/tags_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/welcome_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/tags_controller.rb	  def index
new	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/tags_controller.rb	  def new
show	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/tags_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
up	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/db/migrate/20120601183902_add_devise_to_users.rb	  def self.up
update	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/antonio/Ruby/GitErDun/app/controllers/tags_controller.rb	  def update
